[dramatic music rises]
[pistol cocks]
[man] Nance.
-[Nance] Back up.
-[man] Nance.
[Nance] Back up!
Aim it at me.
[gunshot]
Fuck. Nance.
Next one's in your chest.
Ten...
-nine...
-Nance. don't.
...eight.
No. I don't want this.
...seven. six.
five. four...
-Nance.
-Aim it at me!
Nance.
-...three. two...
-No. no.
-Nance!
-...one.
-[gunshot]
[dramatic music playing]
[steam hissing]
[clink clink]
[clinking]
[Diana] Okay. so after this...
-Mm-hmm.
-...you need four A bolts.
-Oh. fuck.
-And 24 D bolts!
[chuckling] So fun!
I'm sorry we're stealing
your room.
No. look. I'm happy
in Jesse's room.
You might have to get me
out of here.
I think I'm stuck.
-Oh no. Now you know how I feel.
-[snorts]
-Love you.
All right. see you next time.
[computer chiming]
-Hey.
-[Jesse. on computer] Hi. Mom.
I miss you.
I miss you. too.
Hey. the nursery's finished.
It looks nice.
Di is moving in next week.
The baby's coming.
-Yeah.
-You're gonna be a great dad.
You think so?
I know so.
I don't know.
Uh...
You okay?
It's weird. you know?
At home...
everyone thinks
they know what's going on
in the world. but. you know.
they don't know shit.
We don't know shit.
Oh. yeah. I don't mean you.
You don't mean
I don't know shit?
No. I mean. me. everyone.
all of us.
-Does that make sense?
-Yeah.
But the military. they know
what they're doing. so...
you're safe.
Yeah. it's just that
we were out on patrol.
No idea why we left Jalalabad
to begin with.
Our target's some
low-rank Taliban guy.
Anybody got eyes on?
None of us really knows
why we're sitting ducks
for a paper boy.
but here we are.
The only people with
cell phones are rich people
and the Taliban.
In the city. cell phones
call fathers and wives.
Up here. they detonate bombs.
You see a guy in shabby clothes
and a Samsung.
you shoot him on the spot.
One o'clock. 250 meters.
Fighting-age male.
He's got a phone.
[man] I got him.
[gunshots]
[indistinct shouting]
Oh. fuck.
-Hey. hey!
-[man] Light 'em up!
But it's not your usual
we-shoot-you-shoot thing.
We never see them.
and their bullets
aren't anywhere near us.
And the pattern's weird.
They wait for us to shoot
so they can shoot
at the same time.
So we test it.
[gunshots]
We play Jingle Bells with
our gunfire. and so do they.
It's all just the echo
off the mountains.
We still don't know
if they even fired at us.
or if they were even there.
I don't know. maybe I shouldn't
have said anything
when I saw the guy.
but I had to.
It's my job.
Oh. you did the right thing.
You probably saved
all their lives.
-You think so?
-Yeah.
No.
I-I think you did.
Your gunfire probably
scared 'em away.
Mom. it doesn't--
doesn't work like that.
I'm just saying
you did your job.
You did it great.
You should get a medal.
I would give you a medal.
A medal?
-Yes.
-No. no.
I don't deserve a medal.
[low]
I don't...
How's Mr. Fish?
-Uh. Mr. Fish is great.
-Yeah?
Take care of him.
We're just sitting here.
waiting for you.
Think we're going back
out there again tomorrow.
I'm losing you.
The Wi-Fi's really shit here.
No. I can see you.
-Mom?
-Yeah.
Hey.
Jesse?
Hey. can you hear me?
Shit.
[Rick] Hey. Nance.
What's up?
Hold up a second.
What? I have to get this done.
Accounting said I had to let
one person go.
and I decided it should be you
because. you know.
well. we're sort of friends.
and I figured you'd understand.
[blows raspberry]
It's a gift card.
My in-laws gave it to me
for the gun range
up in the mountains.
I know you don't care for it.
but it's time you learn
how to shoot these things.
I don't care for it. but...
-Really appreciate it.
-You should try it.
Whenever my wife
gives me my balls back.
I just go up there.
and I shoot paper people.
and I'm the boss again.
you know?
Of course. it's still snowing
up there. you know?
Oh.
Ah. that's good.
What'd you do this weekend?
I turned the smoker up to 175.
and I marinated some wings.
and boom. flavor country.
I mean. those wings
were chuggable.
Yeah. Jesse hates wings.
He says it's weird
swallowing the flight
of all those birds.
Huh.
Yeah. wait. you heard from him?
Yeah. I--
I spoke to him last night.
He's halfway to coming home.
Oh. wonderful.
Well... Well. you hit the range.
and then he won't come home
and find his mom still
a scaredy-cat with the guns.
Mm-hmm. See you. Rick.
See you.
♪ Chase the wind ♪
♪ Under the sun ♪
♪ Aim to win ♪
♪ Yeah. but never won ♪
♪ The sun rises ♪
♪ Set again ♪
[Nance] See you tomorrow.
[man] Mm-hmm.
♪ And rivers drain ♪
♪ Into the ocean ♪
♪ Rain goes up ♪
♪ Come back down ♪
♪ Time flies by ♪
♪ Back around ♪
♪ Moon's rise ♪
♪ It's on its way ♪
♪ And the stars at night ♪
♪ They die by day ♪
[turns off ignition]
[open door indicator chiming]
[chiming continues]
I talked to him last night.
I talked-- I talked to him.
[chiming continues]
[Nance wailing]
[sobbing]
[Nance screaming]
[dramatic music playing]
Family not coming?
No.
Can we still move in with you?
You married Jesse.
you got me. too.
Would you like a viewing?
-Yeah.
-No.
Can I touch him?
Of course.
[Nance sobbing softly]
Are these the boots
he was wearing when--?
[Galindo] Yes.
Can I keep 'em?
Um...
Oh. no. you--
you should have them.
[Galindo] Also. we have
a support group on the base
for surviving family members.
Uh. it would be helpful. maybe.
for the grieving process.
-Is this all there was?
-Yes.
Where's the bullet?
Uh...
Well. the folks at Dover
who received Jesse
thought it would be
more respectful
to leave the bullet
inside of him.
What kind was it?
What kind?
Yeah. what caliber?
You did X-rays. right?
Yes. of course.
They-- They would have. Um...
It's never very accurate.
but the bullet
they think was a...
uh. possibly a 5.56 NATO.
but it's always hard.
That's for an M4 or an M16
or possibly an AR-15.
American guns. American bullets.
Well. I'm sorry. we don't have
that information. ma'am.
How do we take it out?
That would have to have been
done at Dover. I'm afraid.
You can do it. right?
Technically. we can if
authorized by the next of kin.
Okay. It's...
It's just it's unorthodox.
ma'am.
to do this after the deceased
has been prepared.
You want to take it out?
[Nance] Yeah. Yeah. I do.
Why?
Because we need to know
what kind it is.
It would be easiest
to remove the bullet
from the existing wound.
It's just sitting there
in the pectoral.
No. we're not cutting into him.
It's insane to cut into him
because you are curious.
Diana.
Leave him alone.
[dramatic music playing]
[turns ignition off]
You were right. It's...
It's fucking crazy
wanting to take it out.
It's not the right reason.
Jesse wouldn't want it in him.
He needs to be perfect.
Jesse's gone.
He doesn't care about the--
Then what's the harm
in just taking it out?
-What difference does it make?
-I want it out!
I want it out!
You know.
maybe you should. um...
Maybe you should
try the counseling thing.
[sighs]
[somber music playing]
[starts ignition]
[crying]
[sighs]
[tires screech]
[whimpers]
I...
I'm sorry.
[sniffles]
[exhales]
Ma'am.
Support group?
ID?
Shit.
[Kahlil] We want justice.
It's a fire in our bellies.
But judgment. this no one likes.
This we hate.
But how can we have justice.
but no judgment?
And who is the judge?
Me?
You?
If we want justice.
we must first ask.
"Who is the judge?"
Okay. Francesca. your share.
I got a letter
from the IRS yesterday
saying I hadn't paid
enough taxes last year.
I owe $723 still.
I wrote them a letter.
and I sent them a copy
of my son's death certificate
and said. "I already paid."
Anthony would have been
58 last week.
but he was killed in Kuwait
by a Scud in '91.
Now he's with Jesus
and the saints.
and I pray for those
that killed him.
I pray for them.
Hmm.
Where are you going. ma'am?
Uh. I didn't realize this was
the "let's pray for the people
who killed our kids" group.
I'd rather drain their fucking
blood. but good for you.
I'm happy for you.
Fuck!
I meant where are you going
because it's the other door.
Hey.
Are you okay?
Look. was it the--
was it the Oreos?
Were they stale?
I've been considering
getting fresh donuts.
but I work here on the base
and don't have time
to go and come back.
It's a whole thing.
Wait. wait. Come on.
I came to the wrong meeting.
I know. it's good to talk.
Or just scream "fuck."
Fuck! Fuck!
It's actually pretty good.
Hey. look.
Anytime. 300 a.m.. you call me.
I'm probably awake.
I just came
to the wrong meeting.
-Big fire in the belly. huh?
-[engine starts]
Big. big belly fire.
[sighs]
[typing]
[foreboding music playing]
[mouse button clicking]
[bullets rattling]
[dramatic music playing]
[mouse button clicking]
[bullets clinking]
[tense music playing]
They're always up to something.
[all laugh]
[tense music continues]
[door opens]
[man] Miss Redfield?
[door closes]
I moved Jesse's body
into the visitation area.
It's more comfortable
than the fridge.
I just wanted
more time with him.
Would you like
the casket opened?
No.
Take as much time as you need.
[door opens]
[ominous music playing]
[flesh squishing]
[sighs]
[sniffles and sighs]
5.56 NATO.
Copper jacket. lead core.
[car thumping]
-Hi.
Hey. um.
I want you to test the metal
on these four projectiles
against this.
See if they match.
You do that. right?
I mean. in theory.
-Great.
-No. no. We--
We don't take walk-ins.
Uh. you need
an approved work order.
Like...
I can give you 5.000 cash.
-I think it's only like--
-Six thousand.
-Like 80 to a hundred bucks.
-I can get it from the bank.
Listen. I can't just accept
a lady off the street
with a pocket full of bullets.
This one killed my kid.
And these four I made.
[inhales sharply]
Please.
I don't really know
what goes on back there.
I can slip it
in to Carla under...
Punch it in as a one-off test.
Or "not listed."
That's only gonna be $80.
Thank you.
[dramatic music playing]
-[Jesse] Mom?
-[Nance] Yeah.
[Jesse whimpers]
[doctor] Excuse me.
-Hi.
-[doctor] Hi.
Was it a match?
As far as the chemical structure
of the metals go.
given the variables.
we found that the discharged
bullet had a...
73.9 percent probability match
to one of the other bullets.
The one labeled
"Price 5.56 NATO X-412."
73.9?
That's correct.
[rattling]
[gunshots]
[rifles cock]
[playing "Taps"]
["Taps" becomes distorted]
[distant gunshot]
[distorted "Taps" fades]
[somber music playing]
[gunshot]
[Galindo] The bullet
they think was a. um...
possibly a 5.56.
[inhales]
[gunshots]
[clears throat]
I'm sorry.
We don't have that information.
[Nance screams]
[coughs]
[tense music playing]
[Nance panting]
[breathes heavily]
[tires squeal]
[breathing heavily]
[ominous music playing]
[truck engine starts]
[truck drives away]
Rick?
I thought you were
taking the day to...
Look. I'm sorry.
I meant
to swing by the cemetery.
but got caught up here.
You know.
I thought it was perfect.
That we were shipping
to the same place...
Jesse was sent.
I didn't realize
some of our bullets
were going
to the enemy. did you?
Look. it's not our fault
if the Afghan soldiers
sell the ammo
or the Taliban steals it.
or whatever the fuck
they do over there. all right?
Once the product leaves here.
it's out of our hands.
Once it leaves here. it doesn't
go to fucking outer space.
We live in a blender.
You taking poetry classes now?
-Fuck you.
-Look. if you wanted to know.
all you had to do is look it up.
Sounds like you figured out
how to do an internet search.
Pretty sure the Web's
been around since the '90s.
Just doing our job.
Just making money.
Some of us
buying ugly fucking cars.
[chuckles]
I worked that machine
so I could raise Jesse.
And his body came back
with a little piece
of lead in it. so...
What. you would have preferred
to raise Jesse on welfare
and your principles?
Shut down this factory
so Milos and his five boys
end up on the street?
Someone else make
what we're making here
so I can feel good about myself?
Fuck that. all right?
I do feel good about myself.
And so did you
up until a week ago.
What the fuck you doing?
Don't you fucking light that!
You will blow this whole fucking
place up and you with it. Nance.
Nance!
We sell contracts.
Okay? To the United States
government.
What the military does
with those bullets is on them.
We're the little shits here.
We make metal.
All right?
We're not the problem.
You know what the problem is?
The government.
You can't trust 'em.
That's why we make guns
in the first place. right?
Right?
Does ash ignite gunpowder?
Don't you fucking...
[whimpering]
Fuck you. Nancy.
[sizzles]
I guess not.
Fuck. What the fuck
is wrong with you?
It's okay.
[sighs]
You're okay.
You just take your gun.
Go shoot some paper people.
Feel like the boss again.
[exhales]
[grunting]
Folks. you need
to open your eyes
and take a look around you.
You are living
in a broken world.
It's not a just world.
It's not a free world.
All of your choices cost you.
and you pay what they want.
when they want.
They decide
what you're gonna eat.
when you're going to eat it.
They decide when you sleep.
they tell you how to live.
And if we're being honest.
they probably decide when
and how you're going to die.
[sizzling]
[exhales]
[sighs]
[tense music playing]
[tense music continues]
[foreboding music playing]
[car horn blaring]
[tires squeal]
-[metal detector beeps]
-Keys.
Miss Redfield.
I'm glad you came.
Uh. I have questions.
Of course.
Jesse's final moments.
What was he doing?
Yes. of course.
Um...
Obviously. most of these
missions are classified.
-But I can--
-Whatever you can.
Okay.
So. uh. Jesse's platoon
was in the mountains
south of Jalalabad.
It's a region that's typically
been a Taliban stronghold.
and so the platoon
was pursuing a target.
Chasing a paper boy.
Excuse me?
Jesse told me they were sitting
ducks chasing a paper boy.
No. it's not
what it states here.
Again. obviously.
I can't go into specifics--
He was there.
That's what he said.
Yes. ma'am.
The information is classified.
so I am not at liberty
to further disclose.
My kid was killed
by an American bullet
issued by the U.S. Military.
Can you disclose that?
What are you referring to?
There's a whole system.
Donkeys bringing shit
back and forth.
It's untraceable.
I guess
you can't blame a donkey.
Do you have a question. ma'am?
-Who fucked up?
-Nobody did.
Who fucked up?
Miss Redfield. no one did.
You're hiding something?
[Galindo] I'm not hiding
anything. ma'am.
And you were asking
about classified information--
He was your responsibility!
-Yours!
-Jesus!
I gave him to you!
-[soldier] Ma'am!
-[Galindo] No. hey!
Stop! Stop!
Stop! Lower your firearm!
-[soldier] Stop resisting.
-[Galindo] Miss Redfield. Stop.
Miss Redfield. calm down.
-[panting]
-It's okay. Nancy. hey.
[soldier] Cuff her.
[zip tie hisses]
[Joy] What were you planning
to do with the knife?
It was a steak bone.
Sorry. I don't know
what the fuck's wrong with me.
I haven't been sleeping.
What were you hoping to achieve?
I just want to know
what's going on.
What is going on. Nance?
[dramatic music playing]
What do you want to know?
We can't hold you.
But we'll be making
an internal review
to see if this incident
should be turned over
to local law enforcement.
And in the interim...
your access to the base
has been suspended.
I want to know
who killed my kid.
This is part of war. ma'am.
Your son bravely
took on that risk
when he decided to enlist.
[inaudible]
[gunshot]
[gunfire continues]
[gunshots]
I used to shoot like you.
All passion. no target.
You follow me up here?
I am an Eagle member.
I've never seen you here before.
Maybe you're following me.
Maybe you came
to the right group after all.
[gunfire continues]
[indistinct chatter
and laughter]
[country music playing faintly]
Looking for a gun
younger than you?
I want an AR-15.
Like mine.
Maybe. uh...
Maybe we go get pizza instead.
I don't like pizza.
Who doesn't like pizza?
You like burritos?
I fucking hate burritos.
Carne asada. I like carne asada.
Good for you.
Sir?
Please show my friend
your 5.56 carbine.
Absolutely.
That's mine.
It's the best semi-automatic.
Best legal semi-automatic.
-You army?
-Contractor for the army.
Where are you from?
I'm from Price. like you.
Not what you meant. Um...
I live in Sunrise Apartments.
No more bolt action
like your Marlin.
You don't need to cock
between shots.
Why don't you go
for something like. uh.
a Remington double-barrel
for. uh. bird hunting.
Glock 19 for safety.
-What are you looking for?
-Not birds or safety.
It's a lot of power
if you're not used to it.
I want this one.
Why?
I want to shoot something else.
She's buying an AR-15.
Just need her driver's license.
I'll give you free lessons.
okay?
Why?
Group member rate.
Well. I'm not in your group.
and I don't need lessons.
I've seen you shoot.
You need lessons.
I'll take a box of Price X-412.
Four boxes. John.
for our lesson.
Is this how you get dates?
I'll buy the ammo
for the non-date lessons
I'm forcing on you.
Great.
[distant animal bleating]
[gunshot]
[Kahlil] Shoot at the end
of a long breath.
once all the air is out.
[exhales]
Till there's no air left.
Good.
Did you know that gunpowder
was invented by accident?
Yeah. the Chinese were trying
to make a potion for immortality
and made gunpowder instead.
[chuckles]
Perfect.
I lost my son. too.
[man on laptop] It's going on
right under our noses.
Everything you see around you
is just a distraction
from what's really going on.
There are these evil people.
They're evil.
And they're coming for you.
They're coming for your kids.
They want your kids.
And they don't just want
to control how you think.
But they want your damn blood.
They want your blood.
[man continues. indistinct]
Going hunting. Nance?
[Nance] Yeah.
What are you hunting?
Mailbox was full. so...
you should probably
pay these bills.
or we'll be living
in the dark soon.
I'm thinking about moving in
next week. if that's okay.
Yeah.
So. you're still gonna help us?
-Yeah.
-Why won't you look at me?
-I did.
-No. you didn't.
-I did when you walked in.
-Why don't you look at me now?
For the baby shower.
my mom gave me
a 15-pack of Natty Light.
so I'm not sure how much help
that's gonna be.
And I'm still sleeping
in the bathroom
'cause my stepdad
won't stop chain-smoking.
That's the only room with a fan.
So. it's--
One sec.
[sighs]
What is this?
[Nance] It's. uh. everything.
I want you to have everything.
The whole house.
-Might want to fix the door.
-What are you talking about?
You're not going anywhere.
The house is too big
for me anyways.
I don't want your money. and I'm
not living here without you.
It's the right thing to do. and
I don't like the house anymore.
I want to live here with you
like we planned.
Besides.
the Army gave me 18.000.
They gave you money for Jesse?
18K?
A grand
for every year of his life?
It's guilt money to shut me up.
It's what his life was worth.
I thought of every way
to look at it. and honestly.
I don't really care 'cause
it helps me raise this kid.
Cash. I'll give you cash.
It's better anyways.
You're the person
that did the right thing
when Jesse's dad died.
And you were. like. not that
much older than me. right?
Working full-time
with a newborn.
Your parents were dead by then.
Jesse told me.
No. he bragged about it.
'Cause you were like this
superhuman because you fed him.
and you wiped his ass. and you
loved the hell out of him.
And you raised a great person.
and you did it alone.
I'm right there. Nance.
I'm sitting
in the exact same spot.
and I don't think I can do this.
Not on my own.
Just think about what Jesse
would want.
Please.
[man on laptop]
The world's being divided
by wolves and sheep.
Which one are you?
[discordant music playing]
[gunshot]
[Kahlil] Okay. Probably a nine.
High grip into the beavertail.
-Solid trigger to the wall.
-[gunshots]
Nice.
Much better. Again.
Elbows tucked in.
Butt stock in the bone.
Mm-hmm.
Make sure...
there's no dark spots
in the scope.
Over here. we shoot for fun
like darts or cornhole.
Back home.
when I was a translator.
we'd go into the villages
and shoot for different reasons.
[gunshot]
Where is back home?
Excuse me?
Where's back home?
District 8.
Quiet area of Kabul.
Kabul?
Nice neighborhood.
Is that a fucking joke?
No.
You're Afghani?
"Afghan" is the correct term.
And the people in the support
group know where you're from?
They know my story. most of it.
It's helped people.
me being from there.
Your son was a translator?
-My son was 7.
-You said he was a soldier.
I did not.
You must have assumed.
At least on the American side.
Technically. because I was on
the American side.
The Taliban didn't like me
working for the enemy.
I was warned.
What happened to him?
A lot of us don't get visas.
I did.
My C.O. got me this job.
and now I have
the perfect American life.
And I love Home Depot
and Girl Scout cookies
and Pilates.
[light chuckle]
But...
I just wish I could be back home
eating Kabuli pulao with my son.
You need a one-for-one like me.
No. no.
You said we all want justice.
My justice is a good life here.
You traded your son for America.
That's your justice.
[dramatic music playing]
[gunshot]
[Rick. on voicemail]
Hey. Nance.
Hey. it's Rick.
I get you're.
you know. going through...
what you're going through.
but you--
Oh. you fucked my car.
You really did.
Uh. so you're fired.
And the insurance company
will have questions for you.
And if you step foot
on business property again.
I will be in my legal right
to shoot.
And. uh. I am--
I'm sorry for your loss.
[Nance chuckles]
[ominous music playing]
Hey. I'm in your
parking lot. I think.
Follow me up the mountain.
Pepperoni and pineapple.
We were there
in this little motel and. uh.
Jesse and I. he was like 4 or 5.
and he takes this leap
from my bed to his.
and he misses totally and--
and flies into the wall.
and then there's this cute
little ass-shaped hole
in the drywall.
Cost me 300 bucks
to get out of there.
Ass-shaped hole in the drywall?
Okay. you know. before I die.
I want to put
an ass-shaped hole
in the drywall.
-Whoo!
-[Nance laughs]
What was he like?
Jesse. uh...
Best thing I did.
If you knew
how it would go. do you...
You would still...?
A thousand times. I would.
Me too.
If I could just have
one minute with Arash.
this is better than none.
Arash means...
It's-- It's not sunshine.
It's...
[whistles and laughs]
The first--
the first thing in the morn--
[speaks Arabic]
I've never thought about
explaining this in English.
Ray. First ray of sunlight.
That's nice.
[sniffs]
How'd it happen?
We were eating Froot Loops.
A strange food
given to me by the Americans.
And I was looking at my boy.
And then my windows exploded.
and bullets lit up my kitchen.
One of the bullets. they...
Those eyes without life.
I wonder sometimes
if I should have picked sides.
I thought it was
the right thing to do.
but working with the Americans
cost my son. so I don't know.
I've not told this to anyone.
How do you know
it was the Taliban?
I mean. they warned me.
What. that's it? That's...
That's all you needed?
How do you know
it wasn't the Americans?
They'd have no reason to.
[scoffs]
They make mistakes all the time.
Friendly fire.
Bad intel.
It wasn't the Americans.
Well. for all we know.
it was the Americans
that shot up your house.
And for all I know.
you hate the fucking Americans.
and the Taliban recruited you.
and now you're here
on some mission.
We think we know everything.
and we don't know shit.
You think I'm Taliban?
I'm just saying
it makes fucking sense.
Taliban or not.
Terrorist or not.
These are my choices?
You're working
with military families.
You're trying to be my friend.
Look. I am here in this country.
Why would the Americans
kill my son and give me asylum?
Does this make sense to you?
What if it happens again?
They-- It can't happen.
There's no Taliban here.
They're here!
They're fucking here.
And why are you in America. huh?
Why does the translator know
so fucking much about firearms?
Many translators carry firearms.
Some of us have to use them.
-You're fucking with me.
-No.
Yeah. you gain my trust
and then what?
-What?!
-Fine.
Nance...
I am Taliban.
Allahu Akbar !
Deep down. all we do
is we hate Americans.
and we want all of them to die.
That's--
that's what you want to hear?
If that-- No. no. no. hey.
If that's how you feel.
pick that up and shoot me.
Go ahead.
Get your one for one!
People like you do a much better
job of hating Americans
than people like me ever could.
[car engine starts]
[dramatic music playing]
[soft huff]
I thought that we needed you.
and now I'm starting to think
that you need us.
My door is closed to you. Diana.
What?
Don't play dumb. Di.
I did it for years.
You don't think
I saw you in town.
spending Jesse's blood money?
Buying that shiny new car
with your new beau.
Seriously?
That new beau is my cousin!
Who's the only one who's giving
me a hand right now.
Who's the only one
who has offered
to drive me to the hospital
when my fucking water breaks.
Which. by the way. is gonna be
sometime tonight or tomorrow.
And because my cousin
doesn't have a car
and my fucking
black-smoke-spewing shitbox
isn't working and isn't good
enough for a baby.
I got a used fucking Honda Fit
to drive Jesse Junior home in.
It's a boy?
You're calling it "Jesse"?
[sniffles]
[exhales]
-Let me help you.
-No. no. no!
Get a look at yourself!
Jesse would be really
disappointed in you.
[sobs]
What happened to Jesse
wasn't my fault.
It's not--
it's not your fault.
Is this what's bothering you?
Do you think that I blame you?
I'll see you.
Nance. are you in or out?
I need to know.
Nance!
Are you in or out?
[sniffles]
[dramatic music playing]
[lights buzzing]
[menacing music playing]
[menacing music continues]
It's-- It's my money.
I want to withdraw all of it.
You want to withdraw
the total balance?
Yeah.
Uh. you can't come in here
with that.
There's a sign.
It's-- it's my right to carry.
and it's your right
to refuse service.
But if I come in here anyway.
it's a C-class misdemeanor
with a $200 fine.
So. why don't you let me finish.
and I'll tip you on the way out.
Just keep it on your shoulder.
[teller] Are you sure you don't
want to wire transfer the money
for security purposes?
No. I have security.
Fifties and hundreds.
[tires squeal]
[somber music playing]
[Nance] Hey. Diana.
I left you something with Jesse
under the flag.
Love the shit out of that kid.
[turns ignition off]
[grunting]
[suspenseful music playing]
[suspenseful music intensifying]
[sighs]
Fuck!
[door squeaks open]
[food sizzling]
What'd you get?
Hmm?
Burrito. What'd you get?
Um. chicken.
Tastes like pork. so who knows?
Yeah. they're shitty here.
Never know what you're getting.
I'm sorry.
Do we know each other?
You remember
recruiting Jesse Redfield?
Of course.
Right. right.
I was so sorry
to hear about your son.
Why?
-Excuse me?
-Why are you sorry?
Just that you lost him.
He seemed like a good kid.
Yeah. guilty people say that.
They're sorry.
Look...
Jesse's not the first kid
I recruited who was KIA.
You're not the first parent
to come talk to me about it.
Just the first to do it
at Gonga's Grill.
Are you laughing at me?
No. ma'am.
By the time I came
into the office with Jesse.
he'd decided to enlist.
Had a kid on the way.
He needed a job.
Could have worked
with me. but...
no.
You work for the war machine.
or you go to war.
You make burritos.
[laughs]
You should be the kid
making burritos.
What did you say to him?
Ma'am. I'm a career counselor.
an employee.
I just do my job.
Just do your job.
I just do mine. He just did his.
[scoffs]
You sold my kid like a used car.
You're right. ma'am.
My kid dies.
I'd probably show up here. too.
That's a nice M9. by the way.
Let me ask you
a question. ma'am.
How'd you feel
the day Jesse enlisted?
Yeah.
Proud.
I remember thinking that.
"Look at this mom.
So proud of her kid."
And you were right
to be proud. ma'am.
Why do you think I do this job?
'Cause 37K a year
is my idea of a great life?
When I drink.
it's a Keystone in a can.
I eat at Gonga's.
You think I wouldn't rather
be selling. like.
watches or barbecues
or something?
Man. I can sell the shit
out of barbecues.
So why am I doing this?
'Cause I love my country?
Yeah. sure.
Yeah. but no one
goes to war for love. ma'am.
You know. I've been over there.
Two tours.
Now. I piss in a bag. and I'm
in the market for a girlfriend
who likes a soft dick.
Us little guys go to war
for three reasons. ma'am.
One. it's a better job
than plumbing.
Two...
just always ends up
being us little guys
protecting the big guys.
And three...
You think it was the government
who shot me in the pelvis
and killed three of my friends?
No.
Think some recruiter did it? No.
Some senator? No.
No. it was the Taliban. ma'am.
And they celebrated after.
Yeah. we could hear them.
Shouting. laughing.
Fucking evil.
I didn't kill Jesse. ma'am.
Taliban killed Jesse.
And you can bet. ma'am.
that those jihadists
threw a party.
[ominous music intensifying]
Fuck!
[cell phone chimes]
[sighs]
[whispering softly in Arabic]
[cell phone chimes]
[gunshot]
[foreboding music playing]
[car engine starts]
Hey!
[engine starts]
[sirens wailing]
[dialing]
[operator] 911.
what's your emergency?
[turns off ignition]
Nance!
I know you don't want
to hurt me. Nance.
You had a clean shot
I know you can make.
Nance!
Where's your rifle?
In the gun net.
You're supposed to bring
your fucking rifle.
Put down the rifle. Nance.
I killed my kid.
It was me.
I'm fucking tired.
We're both gonna die one day.
And be with our boys again. hmm?
But not yet.
Okay? We're still here
for some reason.
Maybe I'm here for you.
Just please give me the rifle.
Please give--
[rifle cocks]
[sniffles]
-Nance...
-Back up.
-Nance.
-Back up!
Aim it at me.
Fuck. Nance.
Next one's in your chest.
Ten...
-Nance.
-Nine...
-Don't.
-...eight...
-No. I don't want this.
-...seven. six...
No. I'm not helping you
kill yourself. Nance.
Aim it at me!
-Nance.
-...three...
-No.
-...two...
-No. Nance!
-...one.
Nance!
[gunshot]
[metallic ring]
[clink]
[gunshot echoes]
-[bullet thuds]
-[grunts]
[panting]
[Khalil gasping]
Eyes open. eyes open. Hey. hey.
It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
[soft sigh]
[soft grunt]
[sighs]
[panting]
[soft sigh]
[dramatic music playing]
[distant sirens wailing]
[Nance sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
-[breathing heavily]
-[nurse] All right.
Relax. and deep breath.
[hyperventilating]
And get ready. honey.
[Diana grunts and screams]
You're doing so good.
[gasping]
You got this. okay?
[groaning]
[exhaling]
[crying]
[laughing]
[screams]
[crying]
[uplifting music playing]
[exclaims]
[laughing]
[baby shrieking]
[screaming]
[acoustic music playing]
♪ Killed me
When you were born ♪
♪ Milky flesh without a thorn ♪
♪ Remade me with more love ♪
♪ Once below is now above ♪
♪ I come in screaming ♪
♪ Leave with a whimper ♪
♪ But spring always
Follows winter ♪
♪ The dead fertilize
The new ♪
♪ And the soil
Gives this life to you ♪
♪ When you shot out the chute ♪
♪ My heart in your hands ♪
♪ Whatever I ever was
If anything ♪
♪ When the shot rang out ♪
♪ Across that land ♪
♪ Whatever I ever was
If anything ♪
♪ Was born
And buried with you ♪
♪ And born again ♪
♪ By your baby blue ♪
♪ Killed me
When you came alive ♪
♪ Your whole world
Inside those eyes ♪
♪ Remade me with more light ♪
♪ Running blind
Sits with sight ♪
♪ I come in screaming ♪
♪ Leave with a whisper ♪
♪ But spring always
Follows winter ♪
♪ The dead fertilize the new ♪
♪ And the soil give this life
To you ♪
♪ When you shot out the chute ♪
♪ My heart in your hand ♪
♪ Whatever I ever was
If anything ♪
♪ When the shot rang out ♪
♪ Across that land ♪
♪ Whatever I ever was
If anything ♪
♪ Was born and buried
With you ♪
♪ Born again
By your baby blue ♪
♪ Come with nothing ♪
♪ And do some somethings ♪
♪ And hope to live with love ♪
♪ And back to the earth ♪
♪ And dust and dark ♪
♪ Or back to clouds above ♪
♪ And all that blooms ♪
♪ We will put down ♪
♪ All that rots
Is wrap again ♪
♪ Come with nothing ♪
♪ And do some somethings ♪
♪ Hope to leave with love ♪
♪ Yeah. hope to leave
With love ♪
♪ Hope to leave with love ♪
♪ Yeah. hope to leave ♪
♪ With love ♪
[percussive music playing]
[reflective music rises]
[music gently fades]